Prerequisites are missing and editing steps from Update log6x-about.adoc (#88424)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/logging/logging-6.0/log6x-about.adoc

== Validation
Logging includes extensive validation rules and default values to ensure a smooth and error-free configuration experience. The `ClusterLogForwarder` resource enforces validation checks on required fields, dependencies between fields, and the format of input values. Default values are provided for certain fields, reducing the need for explicit configuration in common scenarios.

== Quick Start

.Prerequisites

> * You have administrator permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have access to an {product-title} cluster with `cluster-admin` permissions.
```

    - default-lokistack
----

.Verification

> * Verify that logs are visible in the *Log* section of the *Observe* tab in the OpenShift web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify that logs are visible in the *Log* section of the *Observe* tab in the {product-title} web console.
```
